1 Is reading in the bathroom considered Multi-Tasking.

2 What's the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance.

3 Why do sin and tan work? Just cos.

4 WINDOWS stands for Will Install Needless Data On Whole System.

5 Computer programmers do it byte by byte.

6 If loving you is ROM I don't wanna read write.

7 When your code does not change color automatically, Something's wrong, I can feel it.

8 Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs.

9 Speed Kills! Use Windows.

10 Why do sin and tan work? Just cos.

11 What do you call a parrot that says "Squawk! Pieces of nine! Pieces of nine!"? A parrot-ey error.

12 'Knock, knock.' 'Who's there?' ... very long pause ... 'Java.'

13 Hardware: The part of a computer that you can kick.

14 One person's error is another person's data.

15 There are 10 types of people: those who understand binary, those who don't, and those who were expecting this joke to be in trinary.

16 What is Benoit B. Mandelbrot's middle name? Benoit B. Mandelbrot.

17 Sympathy for the Devil is really just about being nice to QAs.

18 How an engineer writes a program: Start by debugging an empty file...

19 I went to a street where the houses were numbered 8k, 16k, 32k, 64k, 128k, 256k and 512k. It was a trip down Memory Lane.

20 I would tell you a joke about UDP, but you would never get it.

21 A programmer walks into a bar and orders 1.38 root beers. The bartender informs her it's a root beer float. She says 'Make it a double!'

22 An SEO expert walks into a bar, bars, pub, public house, Irish pub, tavern, bartender, beer, liquor, wine, alcohol, spirits...

23 Computer programmers do it byte by byte.

24 Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.

25 Learning JavaScript is like looking both ways before you cross the street, and then getting hit by an airplane.

26 There are three kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.

27 There are only 10 types of people in this world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.

28 You never finish a program, you just stop working on it.

29 I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly.

30 The computer is mightier than the pen, the sword, and usually, the programmer

31 Programmer: The ship I boarded crashed and I am dying! Project Manager: Then let's do a quick knowledge transfer session before you go.

32 Warning, keyboard not found. Press Enter to continue.

33 I had a problem so I thought I'd use Java. Now I have a ProblemFactory.

34 Pirates go 'arg!', computer pirates go 'argv!'

35 Why do Java programmers have to wear glasses? Because they don't see sharp.

36 As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.

37 I suggested holding a 'Python Object Oriented Programming Seminar', but the acronym was unpopular.

38 To understand recursion you must first understand recursion.

39 'Knock, knock.' 'Who's there?' ... very long pause ... 'Java.'

40 Writing PHP is like peeing in the swimming pool, everyone did it, but we don't need to bring it up in public.

41 There are II types of people: Those who understand Roman Numerals and those who don't.

42 Bug? That's not a bug, that's a feature.

43 When your code does not change color automatically, Something's wrong, I can feel it.

44 A user friendly computer first requires a friendly user.

45 .NET was named .NET so that it wouldn't show up in a Unix directory listing.

46 Java: Write once, run away.

47 An SQL query goes into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks, 'Can I join you?'

48 I've been using Vim for a long time now, mainly because I can't figure out how to exit.

49 Have you heard about the new Cray super computer? It's so fast, it executes an infinite loop in 6 seconds.

50 A programmer walks into a foo...

